{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Summary
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl510
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The goal of this visualization is to illustrate the delayed relationship between airport delays and economic condition of the United States. This graph hopes to show that as GDP growth rate increases in the United States, the airports gradually become more congested, and vice versa. This trend is most obvious during the 2007-2008 financial crisis. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl510
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 This visualization uses a map to display the delay percentage of all major airports in the United States. A map was used because I want to display the relationship between economy and airport delay in different regions of the United States to show of regional differences. \
The change in delay level across years were illustrated by an animation that ran from 2003 to 2015. Animation is the best way of illustrating change in time in this visualization because it preserves the geographic features. \
The overall delay percentage of airports are double encoded through both the radius of the circle and the color of the circle (with green being less congested and red being more congested). \
I have also placed a circle illustrating the condition of U.S. economy (growth rate) next to the map to provide references to the reader and further demonstrate relationships between economic conditions and airport delays. The growth rate was also double encoded through radius and color to provide a easy connection for readers between airport delays and U.S. economic conditions. \
Overall, this visualization was designed to be a cocktail glass visualization, with a narrative in the beginning and plenty of rooms for users to explore after the narrative. Buttons were provided for users to go to any steps of the visualization. There is also a tooltip box associated with each visualization element (both GDP circles and airport circles) for reader to explore more detailed information about an airport in a specific year. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Feedback
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  - include all feedback you received from others on your visualization from the first sketch to the final visualization\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Resources
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  - list any sources you consulted to create your visualization\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}